Spectacular views to the city and the Grose Valley!!!
Located in a much sought after dress circle location this unique architecturally designed residence is perfectly positioned on a landscaped 1/2 acre block to take in every glorious aspect that the vista has to offer.

Light, bright and airy this beautiful home has generous proportions, master suite with garden views and private access to the verandah, ensuite and walk in robes as well as 2 additional double sized bedrooms with built in robes. Tastefully decorated main bathroom with separate toilet. The home is comfortable in all seasons with ultra modern Jet master fireplace and reverse cycle ducted air conditioning. Split level living and dining areas with cathedral ceilings showcasing timber features and cleverly integrated greenery zones. No expense has been spared with fresh paint inside and out, quality Verdura strand-woven bamboo flooring, security system, solar roof panels and solar hot water systems.

At the heart of the home is the executive style kitchen perfect for the budding chef with granite benchtops, quality European appliances including double oven, dishwasher, as well as filtered water dispenser and an abundance of storage.

Entertaining will be a delight with the indoor living areas and wet bar area opening directly onto the outdoor deck conveniently overlooking the child friendly level lawn, perfect for relaxing and watching the kids play.

Double garage with internal access and additional loft style storage. Fully landscaped 2043 sqm block, child friendly, level yard and gardens with ample water supply from concrete water tank and fresh water spring.

Peace and tranquility abound with local parks nearby and National Park walking trials a moment away. Local amenities at North Richmond just a short drive away and Public and High school bus routes are going passed the front gate.

Take in the awe-inspiring views from the front of the property towards the sparkling city lights over Sydney and from the rear of your home is the spectacular view of the Grose Valley. These tranquil city and valley views together are a rare find.

Yarrawonga Homestead
Yarrawonga Homestead is a 27 acre allotment with a five bedroom, two bathroom house and a dam you just have to see to believe. Located just 20 minutes North of Mudgee this property offers plenty of room for the growing, active family to move. All the hard work is complete with 2 new bathrooms, Kitchen and roof, ready for you to add your final touches.
- Five Bedrooms all with built in robes
- New Light filled stone kitchen with 900mm Belling cooker
- Renovated main bathroom and full size ensuite
- Spacious main bedroom suite with robe, ensuite and study
- Ambient wood heater and air conditioning, year round comfort
- Plenty of water storage plus three dams
- Generous north facing living area with raked ceiling
- 2 stables Colorbond barn, workshop, tack and saddle room
- Spacious open plan living with natural northern light
- Round and stockyards, NBN available

Generous Shedding and a pool
For active families searching for a spacious home with a quality pool, ample shedding and a fenced yard with room for play, this home should be at the top of the list.
- 3 Bedrooms with robes and ceiling fans
- 3 Way main bathroom with access to main bedroom
- Generous lounge with wood fire
- Separate dining area and sunroom that flows outdoors
- Double garage with internal entry and drive through access
- Double pitched roof carport plus garden shed
- 9m x 6m colorbond shed, 2.7m walls plus verandah
- Large laundry with second wc, fresh water tank
- Spacious fenced yard, easy care gardens, established shade trees

Private Villa Living
Basking in natural light, peace and privacy, this heritage inspired villa offers a relaxed low maintenance lifestyle within Mudgee's coveted east side, close to schools, cafes and shops.
- Private Community Title complex
- Sunny formal lounge with separate dining
- Generous 550sqm fenced yard area
- Covered outdoor entertaining area
- Kitchen boasts plenty of storage and bench space
- Single lock-up garage with internal entry
- Three bedroom single level garden villa
- Heritage style bathroom and separate powder room
- Air conditioning plus gas point
- Open common area features BBQ rotunda, visitor parking

Turn up the Fun at Yellowgum
Now is the time to see this great entertainer, with its sparkling pool to keep you cool on those hot summer days or the outdoor entertaining areas to host those summer BBQ's. This is perfectly positioned of the high side of the cul-de-sac in stage 1 of Glenmore Park.
Just some of the features include:

•	4 bedrooms
•	Master with ensuite & walk-in
•	Built-ins
•	Large open plan kitchen
•	Renovated bathroom
•	Separate Lounge
•	Formal dining
•	Ducted air conditioning
•	Roller shutters on windows
•	2nd living at the rear
•	Double garage
•	Double carport
•	5 undercover entertainment areas
•	In ground pool
•	Approx 1/2 acre, with huge, private backyard
•	Rear access possible

Mates will be here soon for summer cricket, the BBQ is ready, the drinks are cooling in the esky and the pool is just the right temperature to cool off after the match and a feed.

Call Michael Ball on 0414 264 668.

Smart Deco in the College Zone
Corner sited home, rich with period detail including spectacular decorative ceilings, warm timberwork, lavish leadlight and an impressive open fireplace, this gracious home is a superior example of the Art Deco era. Cleverly designed with a two way bathroom with private WC, gas heating and fan cooling, the home has all the comforts of today - even solar panels to maximise energy efficiency and beautiful Stegbar cantilever cedar windows to make the most of treetop and garden views. Just 400m to McKinnon Secondary College, this enchanting brick Art Deco home takes gracious low maintenance living to a new level.

Extended to an impressive second storey from a solid brick base, this superior period home has a spot to relax by the open fire in a sun filled formal lounge, a place to enjoy the garden in a bay windowed casual zone and room for the family to dine together beside a custom crafted timber kitchen with Bosch cooktop. But it's the dedicated first floor level that ensures parental privacy that really sets this home apart with a vast bedroom, a versatile study/retreat and well fitted dressing room.

Set in a fairy tale gardens with gorgeous 'garden rooms' at every turn, there's 3000L water tank, easy access auto gated parking and a lush lawn free landscape of pretty paths and entertaining paving. Close to the College, a minute to McKinnon & Centre Rd shopping with stations and buses all around, this is the College Zone's smartest Deco!
8 Ellindale Avenue MCKINNON, VIC 3204

 Email Agent
Woodards Bentleigh
396 Centre Road, Bentleigh, VIC, 3204

Exquisite new home has the finest of finishes
DEADLINE PRIVATE SALE CLOSING WEDNESDAY 8 NOVEMBER AT 5PM (Unless Sold Prior)


With the guarantee of incomparable quality through its two sleek levels, sensational northern light, and a Blackburn North location you'll never get sick of, this brand new 3 bedroom, 2.5 bathroom home will inspire property hunters looking for something with style and substance.

A striking external façade makes way for an abundance of internal highlights including polished wooden floors, a wealth of 2 Pack storage, quality tapware, and premium upstairs carpet. The expansive central living zone located downstairs has dedicated spaces for lounging and dining, with the lounge offering a warming gas log fireplace. The Caesarstone kitchen included in this central hub delivers an island bench and stainless steel Lamira and Gorenje appliances, while you can easily access a relaxed outdoor area off the dining zone.

Upstairs is dominated by three bedrooms all which have excellent robe storage, which includes the master bedroom boasting a stylish double vanity ensuite. Other upstairs highlights include an open retreat/study, small bar/kitchenette, and a dazzling bathroom with rain shower and a freestanding rectangular bath. Other home features include a downstairs powder room, laundry with outdoor access, heating and cooling, double glazed windows, video intercom, secure alarm, and a single remote garage.

Close to Whitehorse Primary School, St. Phillips Primary School, Old Orchard Primary School, Blackburn High School, Slater Reserve, Koonung Park, North Blackburn Shopping Centre, Koonung Creek Trail, buses, Blackburn Station, Eastern Freeway, and Eastlink.

Setting the standard for modern design and style
Making a bold statement with its angled architectural design matched only by immaculate contemporary interiors and a peaceful position at the rear of the block, this remarkable 2 bedroom residence is a distinct Blackburn North offering that seldom comes along.

A lengthy driveway leads down to this ultra-modern beauty which is a sight to behold from the outside. Inside, towering angled ceilings through the generous family room creates an amazing sense of space, while the dining area is bathed in wonderful light and sits directly next to the gourmet stone kitchen complete with soft-close joinery and stainless steel gas appliances. The entire living and dining zone also has gleaming floor tiles underfoot.

Just above the dining area is a unique open attic loft which is accessed via a ladder and can be used for storage or even as a relaxing retreat. One of the bedrooms has a view to the lovely Judas tree at the front of the home while also delivering built-in robes and access to the dazzling semi-ensuite. The 2nd bedroom has the advantage of a walk-in robe, while other features includes a quiet rear garden and courtyard, powder room, laundry out to a drying courtyard, reverse cycle heating and cooling, and a single carport with storage room.

In the Blackburn High School zone and close to Slater Reserve with basketball stadium, Whitehorse Primary School, St. Phillips Primary School, Old Orchard Primary School, North Blackburn Shopping Centre, Koonung Creek Trail, buses, Blackburn Station, and Eastern Freeway/Eastlink.

Opportunity knocks in this exceptional location
With plenty of prime Blackburn land on 663 sqm (approx.) which includes a generous north-facing rear garden, this original residence has an abundance of amazing possibilities as well as spot in the exclusive Box Hill High School zone!

Families searching for a large block in a superior location need not look any further, with this property perfect to be transformed into a brand new home, or maybe subdivide (STCA). And while this single level classic may have seen better days, it has a fantastic floorplan allowing for multiple light-filled living zones. This means the home is also suited for those who want to undertake a grand renovation and retain the great layout.

The current dwelling offers up original Baltic pine flooring, expansive lounge/dining with many windows allowing for natural light, airy kitchen with Westinghouse and LG appliances, bright meals area, living room, three bedrooms plus 4th bedroom or rumpus, two bathrooms (one with a spa), laundry with 3rd toilet, heating and cooling, and ceiling fans. There is also the north garden and covered alfresco dining area at the rear as well as a double garage.

Located within walking distance to Laburnum Train Station and Box Hill High and is also close to Blackburn High School, Kerrimuir Primary School (zoned), Blackburn Primary School, Old Orchard Primary School, North Blackburn Shopping Centre, Koonung Park, Box Hill City Oval, buses, Eastern Freeway, and Blackburn Station Village with trains.

Exquisite period home with stylish modern class.
Owning an enviable location in the tree-lined Rowell Avenue, and showcasing the best of both worlds where period grace meets elegant contemporary class, this brilliantly modern 4 bedroom, 2 bathroom California bungalow is picture perfect family living with amazing outdoor entertaining!

This sophisticated single storey beauty has been completely rejuvenated for today's stylish living, while leadlight windows, over 3 metre high ceilings, and original timber floors in parts of the home are just a few of the period touches that harken back to the days of old.

The expansive central lounge and dining zone is the true centrepiece of this magnificent property. Bright full windows let in superb natural light, while designer lighting, remote blinds, and the incorporation of a deluxe stone kitchen with soft-closing drawers, island bench, and Miele and Asko stainless steel appliances makes this main area perfect for everyday living.

Two front bedrooms come with elegant bay windows with plantation shutters and offer tremendous space (one of these bedrooms has an open fireplace). The master bedroom enjoys a large walk-in robe and dazzling ensuite, spacious attic space, while the 4th bedroom has direct access to the master bedroom and could be easily converted into a nursery or home office.

The sensational entertaining space at the back truly needs to be seen. An open BBQ courtyard with built-in seating is a tremendous place to relax in summer, while a pergola courtyard area, landscaped garden, salt-chlorinated heated pool, and outdoor shower are other fantastic alfresco features. This home also comes with a gorgeous central bathroom with separate powder room, ducted heating and cooling, laundry, security alarm, manicured front garden with pergola bench area and water feature (both gardens from renowned multi award winning Franklin Landscape and Design), external storage room at rear, and space for two cars.

Zoned for Camberwell South Primary School, Canterbury Girls Secondary College, and Auburn High School zones, you're near Camberwell Sports Ground, Camberwell Junction with shops, cafes, and Rivoli Cinema, local buses, trams, and Willison Station.

Tightly-held location and perfect potential (STCA)
Perfectly positioned in the exclusive Sunnyside Estate on a generous allotment of 835.2m2 approximately, this Californian Bungalow is in original condition and is the ideal prospect for restoration, an exciting rebuild or development options (STCA) in a lovely tree-lined avenue. Owner occupiers may choose to restore part of the abode and include a modern extension or erect their dream residence on the elite estate, while builders/developers will be tempted to explore the development potential (subject to council approval) enhanced by the excellent location. Full of character, the current home boasts a classic timber-featured hallway arch, leadlight glass in timber doors, leadlight windows, detailed ceilings and provides three bedrooms, a light-filled lounge room with gas heater set in an original timber mantle, dining room, 1950's kitchen, bathroom, separate toilet and laundry.

The serene setting is impressively placed in fabulous proximity to Camberwell Primary School, Auburn South Primary, Camberwell High School, private schools, popular retail stores, Rivoli Cinema, market and services at the Camberwell Junction and public transport.

Remove or improve in prized locale (STCA)
Exciting possibilities are presented by this original abode boasting an exceptional location in walking distance to local schools, shops, trendy eateries and public transport. Astute owner occupiers, renovators, builders and investors will appreciate the future prospects including a contemporary renovation/extension or perhaps build your ultimate dream residence (subject to council approval) on a site 620m2 approximately. Flooded with natural light from large picture windows, the existing home introduces a living and dining area opening to a sunny rear patio overlooking the leafy surrounding neighbourhood. An updated kitchen, with adjoining casual meals zone, hosts sleek cabinetry and quality stainless-steel appliances including a five-burner stove top, while three bright bedrooms share a cheerful retro bathroom with separate toilet. Features include laundry, gas heating, garden shed and lock-up garage.

Marvellously situated to local shops and eateries, Wattle Park Primary School, Siena College, Wattle Park Golf Course, parks and public transport, zoned to Canterbury Girls Secondary College, Camberwell High School, the popular hub of Camberwell Junction shops, services and cinema, Deakin University and Chadstone Shopping Centre.

Period Home with Development Potential!
Located right in the heart of Mentone within walking distance to Mentone train station, Local Shops, primary schools and bus services!

Some 809sqm approx. nestled in the City of Kingston in a position which encourages residential development, the savvy developer therefore has an outstanding opportunity to leave a lasting impression on one of Mentone’s arterial roads (STCA).

Don’t forget the existing single-level home, which enjoys stunning art deco period presentation, three bedrooms, three generous living zones, large kitchen with gas appliances and landscaped backyard. Also features carport, air conditioning, ducted heating, polished hardwood floors, second toilet, built in robes and spa.

Get in quick and turn your grand designs into a reality (STCA)!

Independent Frontage with NO Body Corporate!
A desired setting on its own independent block is where you’ll find this brand new three-bedroom plus study executive Townhouse that truly is the epitome of stylish, low maintenance living. Modern design features and quality fixtures are obvious, presenting first homebuyers, young professionals and astute investors with the finest in contemporary living.

Open-plan living with Tasmanian Oak flooring is at the heart of this low maintenance home, with family living, dining and modern kitchen featuring stone bench tops, all combining to offer a superb, spacious setting. Glass sliding doors open to the undercover alfresco backdrop the setting and invite an abundance of natural light to fill the area, while also opening to seamlessly to unite the immaculate exposed aggregate courtyard with the expansive interior.

Adding to the appeal, the Townhouse features three large bedrooms upstairs, Master with ensuite and walk in robe, along with 2.7m ceiling heights, plantation shutters, remote lockup garage, split system heating and cooling.

Fittingly, this standout residence enjoys a coveted location that enjoys excellent access to Oakleigh's vibrant shopping and cafe strip, Chadstone Shopping Centre, Monash University, the Monash Freeway, local walking tracks, schools and parks.

Brilliantly Renovated
Sitting proudly on the high side of the street in a leafy part of Mitcham near Antonio Park this four bedroom brick home offers exceptional family living. Comprising formal living, huge kitchen with stone bench tops and stainless steel appliances, large dining room and fantastic family room all leading out to an undercover entertainment deck, great for alfresco dining. Four good size bedrooms, main with ensuite, stunning family bathroom, separate toilet and laundry.
Further features include evaporative cooling, ducted heating, hardwood floorboards, lots of storage, double lock up garage with remote and all surrounded in beautiful landscaped gardens. Close to Antonio Park Primary School, local shops and with easy access to Eastland and EastLink.

Please include a phone number with your enquiry
Photo ID required at inspections
Inspection times subject to change
Auction at property at advertised time unless sold prior

Smart, Modern and Fabulous Locality
In Room Auction Wednesday 8th November 2017 - Manningham City Council | Function Room 1, Civic Offices, 699 Doncaster Road, Doncaster - 6.30pm for 7pm Start.

Surprisingly spacious, light-bathed and in a fabulous location this smart second storey apartment ticks all the right points for contemporary, well-positioned liveability in ideal proximity to your lifestyle requirements. The generous proportions and bright ambience with honey-toned timber floors highlighting the appeal, presents the perfect option for owner occupiers, downsizers or investors wanting to be in walking distance to the hub of this desirable suburb. Open-plan living and dining, with a handy study nook, merges to a northerly balcony and the adjoining kitchen boasts sleek stone benches, soft-close cabinetry and Blanco stainless-steel appliances. The bright bedroom hosts built-in-robes and is situated near the deluxe bathroom. Features include a well-fitted Euro laundry, split-system heating/cooling, security entrance and one car space (basement car stacker) plus storage cage.

Superbly convenient to close to shops in popular Burgundy Street, scenic parklands, public transport, schools and the Austin and Mercy Hospital precinct.

Photo ID Required at all Open for Inspections.

Smart, Modern and Fabulous Locality
In Room Auction Wednesday 8th November 2017 - Manningham City Council | Function Room 1, Civic Offices, 699 Doncaster Road, Doncaster - 6.30pm for 7pm Start.

Surprisingly spacious, light-bathed and in a fabulous location this smart second storey apartment ticks all the right points for contemporary, well-positioned liveability in ideal proximity to your lifestyle requirements. The generous proportions and bright ambience with honey-toned timber floors highlighting the appeal, presents the perfect option for owner occupiers, downsizers or investors wanting to be in walking distance to the hub of this desirable suburb. Open-plan living and dining, with a handy study nook, merges to a northerly balcony and the adjoining kitchen boasts sleek stone benches, soft-close cabinetry and Blanco stainless-steel appliances. The bright bedroom hosts built-in-robes and is situated near the deluxe bathroom. Features include a well-fitted Euro laundry, split-system heating/cooling, security entrance and one car space (basement car stacker) plus storage cage.

Superbly convenient to close to shops in popular Burgundy Street, scenic parklands, public transport, schools and the Austin and Mercy Hospital precinct.

Photo ID Required at all Open for Inspections.

PERFECT COMBINATION OF SPACE, STYLE & PRESENTATION
Style, space and presentation all combine perfectly in this superb family home.

Whether it’s entertaining in the formal lounge or huge slate floored family/games room or cooking up a storm in the stunning fully equipped kitchen flanked on either side by the formal dining room and meals area, it’s a home for quality living.

There’s also another more peaceful side to the home that comes with the six bedrooms, all featuring built in wardrobes.

Adding that extra touch of class is the renovated bathroom and matching ensuite with twin vanity unit.

As you’d expect in a classy home, there’s a wealth of extras including ducted heating, 3 air conditioners, wood heater, ceiling fans and even new carpet.

The delights continue outside with a separate bungalow ideal as a teenager’s retreat, paved outdoor entertaining area with mains connected barbecue, large shed, double carport with shelving and remote control roller door and double gates to give access to the side yard – ideal for caravan or boat storage.

Completing the appeal is the premium location close to a primary school and just moments from shops, buses, parks and more.

Inspection times and property availability are subject to change without notice. Photo identification required at inspections. Disclaimer. All information contained herein is gathered from sources we believe to be reliable. We cannot however guarantee its accuracy and interested parties should make and rely on their own enquiries.

SPECTACULAR STYLE & SPACE ON 755SQM APPROX
Your family is set to fall in love with this Porter Davis residence which is less than 1 year young and exhibits a world of entertaining pleasures in a perfect location set close to Knox Westfield shopping centre, numerous quality schools, parks and Eastlink.

Meticulously crafted throughout with no-expense spared, this 2-storey glamour flaunts a sleek lounge kept warm by a gas log fireplace, a substantial open-plan living and dining area which spills out to 2 alfresco entertaining zones (one is undercover so that you can entertain all-year round while the kids can roam around in the large sun-filled garden!) There’s also a theatre room for movie buffs/potential fifth bedroom and an upstairs rumpus.

As expected, the dream kitchen is doused in pure luxury as it boasts Blanco appliances including two ovens, dishwasher, huge pantry as well as butler’s pantry, it’s five star in every sense and leads into an efficient drying room with built-in desk.

A generous collection of 3 bedrooms feature walk-in robes and their own sleek ensuites while the 4th bedroom, the palatial master dazzles with a private outdoor terrace, huge walk-in robe and deluxe ensuite with twin vanity, spa and rain shower.

Additional features includes ducted heating, refrigerated cooling, study, powder room, upstairs double glazed windows, intercom, copious amounts of storage space and double garage with internal access. An inspection will impress!

Inspection times, plans, inclusions, and property availability are subject to change without notice. Photo identification required at inspections. Disclaimer. All information contained herein is gathered from sources we believe to be reliable. We cannot however guarantee its accuracy and interested parties should make and rely on their own enquiries.

Fabulous family showstopper!
Beautiful inside and out, the picture-perfect façade of this gorgeous home conceals a stunning renovation which has completely transformed an already comfortable home into a 4-bedroom family showstopper.
Delivering two levels of light-filled family-oriented accommodation, the home opens to a welcoming entrance - to one side, a tranquil sitting room provides the perfect sanctuary; to the right, a peacefully positioned master bedroom is an elegant parents' retreat; it boasts built-in robes and designer ensuite. A second ground floor bedroom and adjacent bathroom are perfectly suited for guests, whilst completing the lower level is a gourmet Caesarstone kitchen with premium Bosch appliances plus a vast sundrenched living and dining zone which spills outside to a fabulous alfresco deck and deep back garden.
Creating the ideal children's zone, two bedrooms (BIRs), a sleek fully-tiled bathroom and retreat can all be found upstairs, whilst concluding a truly appealing home are split system heating & cooling plus ceiling fans in all principal rooms, large smartly-appointed laundry, plantation shutters, warm hardwood floors and carport parking for multiple cars.
Idyllically located in a peaceful pocket of Mordialloc, this fine family home on an impressive 807m2 (approx.) boasts coveted zoning for Parkdale Secondary College and is within easy reach of a choice of excellent primary schools. It is also close to the rolling fairways of Woodlands Golf Club & Warren Rd shopping strip.

Absolutely Sensational Location
In a coveted Burwood setting and occupying street front position, this sensational unit has been stylishly renovated and will be recognised immediately for its low maintenance appeal and outstanding convenient location. Providing broad appeal for those starting out, couples, downsizers and for the wise investor looking for a solid investment with first-rate rental potential.

Offering a modern, light and bright interior, this property plays host to vibrant living, comfort and security. Well presented, once inside you are greeted by an open plan layout, the chic kitchen with stainless steel appliances overlooks the dining/living area. The two robed bedrooms are generous in size and share the large spotless bathroom.

A delightful courtyard features a charming alfresco deck, perfect to enjoy a BBQ in private surroundings. Auto garage and separate driveway are added features. Highlights include polished floorboards, gas ducted heating, reverse cycle split system A/C, alarm, ceiling fan and dishwasher.

A location winner, only minutes from Deakin University and a short walk to Burwood Highway trams/buses. Close proximity to Bennettswood shops, Burwood Heights Shopping Centre, Burwood One, Mount Scopus Memorial College and Mount Waverley Secondary College. Easy access to major shopping centres and within the Mount Waverley Secondary College Zone.

Bank on Buckingham
A plethora of potential awaits the astute buyer with this perfectly positioned allotment of 762sqm (approx.). The existing brick home comprises three sizeable bedrooms (two with BIR’s), spacious living with OFP, well-equipped kitchen that is complemented by timber benchtops and dishwasher, updated bathroom, laundry with second toilet, double carport, lock up garage and large paved-undercover entertaining area. Ducted-heating, central cooling, ceiling fans and polished floorboards complete the package that is ready to move straight-in, renovate, or provides opportunity to redevelop (STCA).

Close to all amenities, including the Village Avenue shops, Macedon Plaza, local parks, Birralee Primary School, Templestowe College and Marcellin College, whilst also providing effortless access to the Eastern Freeway, Park & Ride, Koonung Creek Reserve and Westfield Shoppingtown.

Classic character & opportunity in the prestigious Sackville Ward
The captivating Californian Bungalow silhouette of this graceful family home is but a hint of the elegant spaces and beautiful garden oasis which lay behind. Located the opposite of Deepdene, shape your family's wonderful future under the roof of this 1920s double brick residence where absolute lifestyle convenience combines with abundant space. From this fine location, walk to Carey, Camberwell Grammar and Girls' Grammar, as well as Canterbury Girls', Deepdene Primary and Our Lady of Good Counsel Primary School.

The classic and serene sitting room is ideally balanced by a large lounge and dining room with open fireplace, box bay window and verandah. Offering a 3rd living zone is the open-plan living, meals and stylish granite kitchen with premium appliances. Ready to be configured as desired, there are 6 bedrooms and a study, accompanied by 3 bathrooms. Leave the cars parked in the 3-car garage and catch the tram to Camberwell's fine shopping precinct with acclaimed restaurants, cafes, fashion shopping and train. On 788sqm approx, improve even further or rebuild (subject to council approval).
Ready to tempt those looking for a premium family lifestyle, walk to Carey, Camberwell Grammar and Girls' Grammar, with MLC, Trinity and Xavier nearby.
The tram offers swift access to Camberwell's fine shopping and dining, as well as the train and cinema.

Grand Family Living and Entertaining
Commanding an elevated corner position, this magnificent English c1930's double-storey family home on two titles of approximately 1,247sqm, offers extensive accommodation. Showcasing zoned formal and informal living areas with stunning garden outlooks and sensational outdoor entertaining areas.
Beautifully presented, this immaculate home offers grand entrance foyer, northern formal lounge with open fire place, well appointed study/den, formal dining, spacious kitchen with adjacent sunny meals area, sensational family room overlooking pool and fully equipped home theatre room.
Upstairs presents main bedroom with large walk in robe and luxurious en-suite, three further double bedrooms with BIRs, sitting room/5th bedroom and study, all serviced by two central bathrooms.

Further enhanced by a large 3 car garage with excellent internal access, Bose sound system in media room with sound projecting through to kitchen and living area, hydronic heating, all bathrooms upstairs have heated towel rails and heated flooring, solar heated pool/spa and comprehensive security system.

Incredibly private and highly sought after for its zoned proximity to Beverley Hills Primary and East Doncaster Secondary, shops and the freeway, this Cape Cod inspired original architect designed home conveys spacious light-filled spaces and exceptional seclusion to suit a range of lifestyles. Positioned in a prized cul de sac perfect for young families with reduced traffic. Refreshed interiors are zoned for increased harmony with a formal living and separate family/dining domain with integrated bar ideal for hosting seamless dinner parties. Open plan kitchen/meals with island benchtop, s/s appliances incl. gas cooktop and stainless steel splashback has been smartly updated.
A rumpus/sound proofed music room is the envy of all teenagers, leading from this casual zone.
Merging with a fully glassed conservatory to encapsulate the leafy garden views. Designed to entertain and relax, with ample alfresco pockets to dine including a gazebo overlooking pristine solar heated salt chlorinated pool, a separate garden nook uniting through French doors with the dining domain and a beautiful sunny alfresco court garden at the front of the home to relax in the north facing sunshine with established gardens providing outstanding privacy. With nothing needing to be done immediately and minimal garden upkeep, the home provides future scope to add your own touches.
Comprising 3 sizeable bedrooms, BIRs, and 2 bathrooms plus ground floor powder room. Master with 2-piece ensuite and exclusive decked terrace to relax with a morning latte. The location is second to none and minutes to prized kindergartens and schools. Walk to Tunstall Square, Devon Plaza and Jackson Court along with buses, parks and walking trails. Close to Westfield Doncaster, the freeway, CBD and Eastlink. Additionally, offering evaporative cooling upstairs, gas space heater downstairs, understair storage, laundry, garden shed and remote single garage with internal access plus OSP.

Coveted space, lifestyle and location
Amid a serene, traffic-restricted road near Yarra Valley Grammar, this exquisite house on 1579 sqm approx. will spoil you with its space, tranquility, stunning scenery and visiting birdlife.

Set back from the road, the north-facing abode enjoys a single-level floorplan featuring 2 living areas with vaulted ceilings and clerestory windows. The central, granite-feature kitchen adjoins a dining area and boasts a plumbed fridge and European stainless steel appliances including a 900mm Ilve gas/electric cooker and Miele dishwasher. The 4 bedrooms and study are generously-proportioned, accompanied by 2 full bathrooms including an ensuite and feature spa bath within the master bedroom.

Outside, a generous alfresco entertaining area with mains-gas BBQ leads to the in-ground pool with an in-floor, self-cleaning function. Relax in the formal living room with a gas log fireplace or the separate family room with a split system air-conditioner. Further highlights of the light-filled home include ducted heating and a double carport with an adjacent storeroom.

Frequented by kookaburras and black cockatoos, families will be delighted with this lifestyle and its proximity to Yarra Valley Grammar, Luther College, the Rudolf Steiner School and Kalinda, Warranwood and Good Shepherd Primary Schools, along with reserves, sports clubs, shopping centres, Eastland and EastLink access. Enjoy this brilliant family home as is, or explore its potential for redevelopment (STCA).

Stylish dimensions with native appeal
Combining a chic updated layout with an incredible tightly held native position just moments walk to Templestowe Village, Finns Reserve and the Yarra Trail, this sophisticated north-facing home on 850m2 caters for your every need and delivers several luxurious surprises. Split level to maximize living space and alfresco rear entertaining, the home provides a tranquil formal living and dining zone with on-trend colour palette flowing through to an elegant granite kitchen/meals with s/s appliances and gas cooktop.
Integrating with an expansive family domain with dual French doors inviting guests to spill out on to the sensational elevated merbau deck that flows out to blissful landscaped gardens with a soothing water feature. Displaying amazing views of the solar heated swimming pool and resort inspired palms below, complemented by ample low maintenance grassed spaces for children to roam, including a timber cubby house.
Four sizeable bedrooms are accompanied by 2 designer bathrooms with separate WCs, mosaic tiled vanity tops, semi frameless showers and luxurious rain showerheads. Master with spa ensuite, WIR and feature window box seat to relax and drench yourself in the sun's warmth. Minutes to Westerfolds Park and Wombat Bend. Close to Marcellin College, private Kew school charter buses and a range of quality local schools. Well serviced by The Pines, Westfield and Templestowe cafes/shops. Moments to public transport and the freeway to the CBD.
Extra comfort afforded by GDH, split system heating/cooling, polished floorboards, quality carpets, unique internal transition blinds, alarm system, laundry, internal plus huge underdeck storage and double remote garage with rear entry plus OSP.

Family sanctuary of style and space
An idyllic family setting in the Dress Circle Estate with sweeping views across Chirnside Park and Heritage Country Club, this fabulous landscaped dual level family home delivers versatility, updated comfort and convenience to all your needs. A formal lounge/dining zone doubles as a theatre room with built in screen and projector for sensational movie nights. Stepping through to a bright kitchen/meals with s/s oven, dishwasher and ample bench space. Soaring ceilings characterise the adjoining living space that progresses to a superb undercover timber deck overlooking solar heated swimming pool with incredible mountain vistas.
This private entertaining area is paved and grassed to relax and play with an undeniable resort style feeling.
Comprising 5 bedrooms, BIRs and ceiling fans, and 2 bathrooms. The whole upper level is dedicated to the master suite with parents' retreat, dual vanity ensuite, WIR and BIR plus exclusive valley views.
Set on a beautifully manicured street just moments to Chirnside Park Shopping Centre and Bunnings
Spoilt for choice with Oxley College, Mt Lilydale College, Mooroolbark College and Rolling Hills Primary all in close proximity. Minutes to Esther Park, Barngeong Reserve, a range of golf courses and the Yarra Valley. Handy to trains, buses and Eastlink. Extra appointments include split system x 1, gas ducted heating on ground floor, A/C upstairs, CCTV cameras, renovated laundry, storage including understairs, external blinds for upper level, garden shed, single plus a double carport.

A Californian beauty with pure potential
A grand double-brick Californian Bungalow façade with enticing verandah introduces what is most certainly a very rare opportunity to secure a substantial period home on an expansive 680 sq m approx.

Nestled in a lovely grove with Hewison Reserve only seconds from the front door, the brilliant seven-room configuration features high ceilings, a hallway arch, mantlepieces, a formal lounge, large dining room, spacious living room, a neat kitchen and four double bedrooms.

The ideal basis for a stunning transformation, sympathetically renovate (STCA) for a luxurious family future.

Embrace the smooth sophistication of this bustling neighbourhood where you can walk to an endless selection of cafes, trams and train. Surrounded by an extensive list of prestigious public and private schools.

