Situated on an impressive 700m2 block with potential of a 2nd dwelling (STCA), this masterton home offers 3 bedrooms, large family kitchen, formal lounge and dining, 3 way bathroom, large outdoor entertaining area aswell as an extra large double garage.
All this in a prime location with views to the mountains from the front of the property.
Only minutes away to Kellyville shopping Plaza, schools and future train stations which are near completion with a bus stop at your door, aswell as Castle Towers only 8 minutes away and Rouse Hill Town centre only 7 minutes away.
Contact: Anna Theo 0433 837 636
For Sale: $995,000

A rare and exciting opportunity exists to purchase this residence in Carlton. Presenting boundless potential and unlimited possibilities, it is placed in a highly sought-after enclave.
A brilliant location in a street that provides the ideal backdrop for this spacious freestanding home which rests on an over-size 582sqm with development potential.
Alternatively, a tasteful renovation will transform this residence into a wonderful family home with plenty of room to move and grow. Its privileged location sits within the catchment for the popular schools.

- Property with amazing live/work possibilities
- Highly sought-after enclave in exclusive address
- Stroll to shops, city transport, parks
- Gentle sloping clear block

Tightly Held Family Home - Blue Ribbon Location In A Very Quiet & Sought After Location In The Beverly Hills R.C. Church Area - Massive 19.81m Frontage - 607 SQM Block of Land (Approx.) - Northerly Facing Backyard
?The property is a 3 bedroom brick home and is in excellent condition.
The bedrooms are all double sized and 2 bedrooms have built-in wardrobes.
?There is a separate formal living area that leads to a very large open plan kitchen and family room.
The kitchen is in excellent condition with an island bench top plus a dishwasher.
The family room is very spacious with a pleasant view of the backyard.
?Two updated bathrooms that are in excellent condition. The laundry is internal and a good size with access to the side of the house.
?There is a large lock up garage at the front of the property with undercover access to the house. There is a very wide driveway to a sheltered carport and a huge double width lock up garage with automatic door.
This double width lock up garage could easily be converted to a granny flat if someone chose to do so in the future (S.T.C.A).
?Low maintenance yard with a Northerly aspect and a gazebo for entertaining.
?The property has many other sought after features such as ducted air conditioning, aluminium windows throughout, under house storage and an alarm system.
?Conveniently located close to Beverly Hills Train Station, shops, Schools & easy access to the M5 & Airport.

First home buyers should take note of this fine Federation cottage, which is ready to move in and enjoy.
The free-standing brick home retains some original character with high patterned ceilings and timberwork.
Freshly painted and with new carpet, the property is perfect to start out or invest for the future.

* 2 spacious bedrooms, main with built-in wardrobe
* Sunny living room with study nook
* Large open-plan dining room
* Country-style timber kitchen with breakfast bar
* Low maintenance yard, covered BBQ area and carport

• Accommodation consists of 3 spacious bedrooms and built-in-robe
• Two bathrooms, high ceilings and a good sized laundry with storage
• Lock up garage on Stanley St. & off street parking via the rear lane
• Further potential to value add with a knockdown rebuild (S.T.C.A.)
• Less than a 5 minute walk to Arncliffe train Station & local shops
• This home will be Sold on auction day so register your interest today

Ideal for developers and home buyers to make their mark in the Inner-West property hot-spot.
Situated in a highly prized location within a short stroll to schools, station, shops and only 10 km from Sydney CBD is this spacious full brick family home set on a corner location with a total land area of 613sqm approx.
This parcel of land offers potential for redevelopment (subject to council approval).
Features include:
* 3 bedrooms
* Separate lounge & dining
* Spacious family room
* Generously placed kitchen
* Outdoor entertaining area
* Side driveway access to double lock up garage and carport
* North/East aspect
* Land area 613sqm approx
* Isolated corner block of land
* Currently zoned R4 high density and also within the proposed Campsie rezoning precinct.

Offering a multitude of options is this unique and fabulously positioned home located in one of Kogarah’s most sought after pockets,
virtually opposite selective St George Girls High School and within 300m to Kogarah station.
Buyers: Extremely well presented, this gorgeous terrace was completely renovated approx 5 years ago.
Investors: Excellent rental returns possible. Developers: may snap up the neighbouring properties and offer you big money.
Developers: R4 zoning with a 4:1 FSR & 33m height. Council Heritage item applies.

Ready to move in, this 17 y.o. spacious 4 bedroom brick veneer home in a prime cul-de-sac with only minutes’ walk to school, café’s, shops & railway service.
Endless possibilities with potential redevelopment S.T.C.A whilst enjoying the comfort of this spacious open plan styled home with ducted air conditioning & double lock up garage.
Excellent block 651.3sqm – 16.09m x 45.11m approx. Loads of potential. Opportunity starts here.

This excellent two bedroom townhouse is conveniently located close to transport, school and amenities. Features:
2 double sized bedroom both with en-suite
2 bathroom plus extra toilet
Open plan kitchen with gas cook top
Combined lounge and dining area
Private front & back courtyard
Remote tandem lock-up garage and huge storeroom, ideal for business use
Perfect property for small family or investors.

This tidy unit is located in a convenient location.

Two bedroom ,Spacious combined living and dining area

Balcony and internal laundry Parking

Ideal investment or first home

It's not too often a new residence of this calibre is offered to the market. ‘Lume’, Kangaroo Point will, without a doubt, set a new benchmark in Brisbane apartment living.
The 13-level boutique tower is a defining and timeless landmark providing sophisticated inner-city living.

As construction has commenced, the onsite showroom has now been relocated.
All buyer appointments are being held at the Devcorp headquarters, where building models and touch boards will be available for your interaction.
· Prime inner-city Brisbane location
· Boutique development, only 119 apartments
· Executive 3 bed apartments, 146 -151sqm
· 2 side-by-side car parks and storage options
· Customise your apartment to suit your living
· Rooftop Sky Lounge with infinity pool, well-equipped gym plus a generous recreational area
Prices starting from $1.34M

Please contact your marketing agents to arrange an appointment.

Walking distance to Grand Plaza and your local IGA are just 2 of the perks of this stellar locale.
Perched on the high side of the street on a 751m2 block you will find this solid highset with the rare bonus of being legal height with a Northern aspect to enjoy views and breezes.

Impressive double wooden doors greet you as you enter this idyllic family home.
To the left you will find the games room with a full size pool table and bar to fulfil your man-cave dreams.
You could also turn this area into another 2 bedrooms and make this home a 5 bedroom monster.
Just around the corner you will discover the brand new shower and separate toilet. The double garage has ample storage space plus a workshop area with double remote lockup.

Upstairs you will be shocked to see a huge lounge area all open with study nook which flows to the functional corner kitchen and out onto the 4mx4m deck overlooking the back yard. Once you thought you had found all the surprises you will find the biggest one of all.
The brand new and unused ultra-modern bathroom with 1.4mx1.2m frameless shower with ceiling rain shower head and a handheld option.

Boasting all new paint throughout, 2 renovated bathrooms, new flooring and landscaped gardens you will have nothing to do but move in.

If you love your toys you will be excited to discover dual side access.
On the left you have 4.5m of side access with an extra wide gate and room for a full sized truck or massive boat.
On the right you have direct access to the backyard and your very own double bay shed plus a garden shed.
The house is fully secured with all new colour bond for your privacy and security for kids and pets.
The backyard is expansive and has plenty of space for a second double bay shed or even an in-ground pool.

- 3 bedrooms (can convert to 5 legally STCA) with built ins
- Dual side access on the 751m2 block
- Storage for 4 cars (double garage and double titan shed)
- 2 renovated bathrooms floor to ceiling tiles and luxury finishes -rumpus room/man-cave
- Large lounge area and deck
- All new colour bond fencing
- Less than 1km walking distance to Grand Plaza and other shops plus the city express bus
- Elevated position with northern aspect

One inspection is all it will take for you to fall in love with this humble highset and call it home.

Make it happen now by calling Jonathan or Karl for your exclusive viewing.

Securely & privately located in amongst a stunning retreat-style complex, this stunning townhouse offers exceptionally modern living for those who like to live in style, comfort, convenience & security.

The complex is immaculately maintained and very secure with full fencing, front gates, manicured gardens, a huge sparkling saltwater pool, full-sized tennis court, and a gym at your convenience.
You can make use of these fantastic amenities any time you like – with absolutely no maintenance required. It doesn’t get much better than this!

Being the end unit, the positioning of this villa is fantastic. It backs onto luscious green parkland. There’s also a handy visitor parking spot just outside the front door.
The gardens are luscious and green, and the side courtyard has evergreen astro turf for that luxurious look at a no-maintenance cost.

Inside is spacious and bright with stylish living areas and a classic-modern design.
The central living and dining area is bright and sleek with large porcelain floor tiles and an air conditioner for year-round comfort.

The kitchen is tucked around the corner and features modern appliances, plenty of bench space, and an easy layout for quick meal prep.
You’ll love how simple and easy it is to move around here.

The sleeping accommodation comprises of 3 spacious bedrooms – the master being extra special with a private ensuite and his-and-hers walk-in wardrobes.

Other features of this stylish villa include:
?Fully fenced complex
?Walk to Fruitgrove and Runcorn train stations, buses, parks, schools, shops and more
Security system with CCTV, Security screens throughout
Freshly painted throughout
Sleek porcelain tiles and new carpet throughout
New hot water system; NBN internet ready; Air conditioning
Pet friendly; North aspect

With absolutely not a leaf out of place, this stunning villa is the perfect investment for location seekers looking to buy something classic, modern and stylish, in an exceptional locale close to everything.
The owner is moving inner-city, so this rare find must be sold at Auction if not before!

Ideal for large families or those looking for dual-living, this sweet family home houses an abundance of space, with a large and level backyard that could even support an extra granny flat!

This home offers:
- Polished timber floors throughout upstairs, which has just been polished this month
- Brand new back deck providing perfect private peaceful afternoon view
- Modern 3 bathrooms including ensuite
- Two separate kitchens, upstairs and downstairs both brand new
- Brand new paint inside throughout
- Brand new tile floor downstairs
- Side access with fully recently paved concrete

This charming & beautifully maintained home is as solid & timeless as they come.
Whether you’re a wise investor or you have a keen eye for classic elegance, this beautiful home has everything to offer.

On a prime 625m2 block of land, backing onto fabulous parkland, this comfortable and welcoming home is a rare find.
Property like this, in this prime locale, is extremely highly sought yet very rarely on the market.
If you can get your hands on one of these properties, you’ll be buying into one of the most elite investment sectors on the south side of Brisbane.

Located in a beautiful quiet cul-de-sac, this fantastic position is within easy walking distance from Centro Pinelands, Sunnybank Hills Primary School, and it backs onto a lovely green park with a private access gate – offering additional play space for the kids.
If you have small children, plan on having them in the near future, or you are looking for unbeatable rental appeal for young families, you WILL NOT want to miss this one!

Inside and out, the home has been well maintained.
The central living spaces are very generous and include a huge plush lounge, formal dining room, quality kitchen and a wonderful family meals area.

The kitchen is nice and big with classic appliances, a cute breakfast counter and large double-door pantry.
If you wanted to update this culinary space, all you have to do is put in some new appliances.
Otherwise it’s a great open space that would be perfectly suited for future renovations.

The sleeping accommodation is very spacious.
All 4 bedrooms are generous in size, while 3 of them have built-in wardrobes and the 4th bedroom is ideal for a study or guest room.
The master has a convenient ensuite which, along with the main bathroom, has been very well kept and is in good condition.

Some extra features to note about the property include:
-Fitted blinds throughout; Very wide driveway; Large double garage with high ceilings for a boat or campervan;
Cute enclosed front veranda with floor tiles, fully secure & great weather protection;
Simple low maintenance backyard; Garden shed; 3x air conditioners & 3 ceiling fans;
Beautiful original cornices in the formal living rooms

This gorgeous character property has everything to offer young families, first homebuyers or investors seeking a blue-chip property in the Sunnybank Hills School catchment.
The owners are serious about a sale, so must be sold at Auction if not before!