Move in, relax and enjoy spending your summers around the pool.
This attractive, comfortable and spacious 2 storey home offers 5 generous bedrooms (3 upstairs & 2 downstairs) and 4 bathrooms across both levels.

A chef’s kitchen and 3 large living areas downstairs with the main open plan living room leading through double doors to a fully covered alfresco BBQ/entertaining area, gym room and private landscaped grounds with a 3 car lock-up carport and garage that can easily double as more entertaining areas.

Located in a quiet tree lined street on a sunny 700m2 north aspect block, this fastidiously maintained family home is near St Patricks College, AC University, all the quality schools in the district, parks, shops, transport and golf course.

Auction on site Saturday 07/10/2017 at 1.00pm
Inspect Saturday & Wednesday 1.00pm – 1.45pm or by appointment.

Prepare to have your breath taken away by this magnificent family mansion.
With custom-made fittings & stunning large rooms, you’ll feel like royalty in your own home.

From the grand entry, through to the manicured back gardens, this whole house is about elegant living with no compromise.
The grand entry foyer is extra wide (2.2m) and extra tall (5.1m) to make a true statement about space and style. Complete with a sparkling porcelain staircase, this space sets the precedent for the rest of the home.

A huge formal living and lounge area sits to the left of the entry, while the downstairs bedroom, bathroom and laundry all sit to the right.
This extra bedroom is perfect for guests, elder family members or even as a study.

Walking through the home, the central living and dining space sits at the end of the hall. This massive area is ideal for entertaining and relaxing.
It features a huge separate rumpus room, large tiled living and dining area, plus a magnificent kitchen suitable for all cooking abilities.

The kitchen is very large, bright and open, – extremely practical & inviting. It features superior gas cooking,
beautiful solid granite benchtops, a large wrap-around breakfast bench and a large built-in pantry for storage.

At the top of the custom-built staircase is a glorious marble landing. A huge plush family room sits upstairs,
as well as a cute front balcony and massive master suite with a sparkling ensuite and walk-in robe. This level also features 3 extra spacious bedrooms, a magnificent main bathroom, separate toilet and a tonne of storage.

Just a few of the endless features of this property include:
*Home hub – smart wiring station that delivers data, phone, video and audio to any room in the house;
Natural stone water feature; Isolating blinds for the air conditioning; Intercom system; 6 air conditioners;
All custom made pelmets, double-layer curtains, and blinds; Bathrooms with full floor-to-ceiling tiles; Solid brick rendered fence with remote-controlled front gate; 3000L rainwater tank and pump.

In a whisper quiet cul-de-sac, in the prestigious Regency Heights estate, this picture-perfect family home offers ultimate convenience.
You can walk to the IGA, Warrigal Rd schools, Warrigal Square, Woolworths, city buses, parks and a whole lot more.
This is the perfect combination of exquisite living and extraordinary convenience. Don’t miss this incredible opportunity. Call us today to find out more.

Surrender to the spell of luxurious hinterland living with this sprawling unspoiled paradise,
set out over 2 acres of meticulously manicured lawns and gardens, and offering the finest uninterrupted coastal and skyline vistas on the Gold Coast from every room in this 4 bedroom, plus study abode.
You’ll feel a million miles away from the stresses of everyday life in this tranquil Tallai hideaway, yet still enjoy the benefits of only being 7 minutes to exclusive Somerset College,
10 minutes to Robina Town Centre and 25 minutes to the golden beaches. Boasting flawless finishes throughout, including the use of travertine tiles,
Western Red Cedar and Tasmanian Oak, this is a house of immaculate distinction which will spoil you for anything else. There’s simply no comparison!
-Luxurious hinterland living on 2 unspoiled acres of manicured lawns & gardens
-Skyline, coastal views from every room plus ample alfresco entertaining options
-Versatile floorplan, multiple living spaces, including cinema and billiards room
-Flawless finishes, including Western Red Cedar, Tasmanian Oak & Travertine tiles
-Master bedroom with direct pool access, elegant ensuite with freestanding tub
-Contemporary kitchen with vast butler’s pantry, premium appliances, island bench
-4 car garage, outdoor shower, kid’s playground, infinity edge pool & spa
-Gas fireplace, ducted air, intercom, back to base security and vaccumaid
-7 mins to Somerset College, 10 mins to Robina & 25 mins to beaches
Sam Guo 0423 064 310, Julia Guo 0402 668 885

Flawless designer living meets penthouse style in this impressively proportioned and beautifully finished 8th floor apartment positioned within a tightly held security building.

A sprawling floorplan greets with superior open plan design, spilling out to a full width balcony and superlative vistas which extend across the harbour to the bridge and CBD.

Design excellence sees nearly every room enjoying the vistas plus a cleverly placed study area.
Capture the essence of premier bay side living metres to the bus and rail and an easy stroll to shops, cafes and parks.

Features:

+ Attractive floating floor boards, ducted a/c
+ Spacious open plan living and dining rooms
+ Stone and gas kitchen, quality appliances
+ Full width sunny east facing alfresco balcony
+ Two queen-sized beds open to the balcony
+ Built-in robes, master with designer ensuite
+ Study nook, internal laundry, secure parking
+ Storage cage on title, intercom entry, lift
+ Walking distance to Rhodes Waterside shopping

Flawless designer living meets penthouse style in this impressively proportioned and beautifully finished 8th floor apartment positioned within a tightly held security building.

A sprawling floorplan greets with superior open plan design, spilling out to a full width balcony and superlative vistas which extend across the harbour to the bridge and CBD.

Design excellence sees nearly every room enjoying the vistas plus a cleverly placed study area.
Capture the essence of premier bay side living metres to the bus and rail and an easy stroll to shops, cafes and parks.

Features:

+ Attractive floating floor boards, ducted a/c
+ Spacious open plan living and dining rooms
+ Stone and gas kitchen, quality appliances
+ Full width sunny east facing alfresco balcony
+ Two queen-sized beds open to the balcony
+ Built-in robes, master with designer ensuite
+ Study nook, internal laundry, secure parking
+ Storage cage on title, intercom entry, lift
+ Walking distance to Rhodes Waterside shopping

Situated on level 9 of the stunning Mirvac Pinnacle Development, this quality one bedroom apartment boasts panoramic views over Brays Bay and the City Skyline.
This is an exciting opportunity to acquire one of Rhodes's the most sought after apartments.

What we like about the property:

+ Wake up to uninterrupted City Skyline & Waterviews from both living and bedroom
+ Free flowing open plan living/dining, spacious & light filled
+ Flawlessly finished interiors, quality kitchen fitted with European stainless steel appliances
+ Covered large balcony perfect for entertaining
+ Ducted air-conditioning, internal laundry with dryer & additional study area
+ Secure underground parking, secure video intercom system
+ National Broadband Network (NBN) available for fast internet access
+ Walk to Rhodes shopping centre, train station, foreshore parks and walkways
+ Close proximity to the 'Rhodes Town Square' offers residents a great place to meet, socialise and dine

Live like a boss, enjoy breathtaking 270 Degrees of pure water & city views, with 3 perfect aspects w& jaw dropping views, north, east & west.
This luxurious & rare apartment is just 4 years new & offers fully renovated relaxed interiors, perfect for entertaining.
We Love:

- 2 large bedrooms with generous built-ins & water views.
- Renovated with open plan living & dinning flows effortlessly to large entertainer's balcony to admire the panoramic view.
- Gourmet kitchen with quality appliances.
- Designer main bathroom.
- Single car space & lock-up storage.
- Conveniently located, stroll to rail station, shopping centre & water front.

This is a true GEM in RHODES, RARE & PRECIOUS, don't miss out!

Enjoy modern convenience and a low-maintenance lifestyle in this contemporary apartment.
Great for investors and first home buyers alike, this residence offers a superb location close to community center, Rhodes Shopping centre, parks and restaurants.

What we like about this property:

+ Gourmet kitchen with stainless steel appliances
+ Contemporary bathrooms & internal laundry
+ Security parking in the basement
+ Corner kitchen with s/s appliances and gas cooktop
+ Comfortable bedroom with built-in robes
+ Onsite spa, sauna, gym and swimming pool
+ Pet friendly building
+ Potential rent $600 per week

Prepare to be speechless from the moment you step insider this sprawling, recently renovated two-storey home in sought-after Isle of Capri.
Boasting uninterrupted, picturesque views of the iconic Gold Coast skyline via the vast floor to ceiling expanse of glass which runs the entire rear of this residence, you’ll immediately fall in love with this unrivalled panorama, visible from every angle of the open plan downstairs area.
Nestled right on the water, and featuring flawless marble and man made finishes, brand new blackbutt timber floors plus an enviable north facing aspect, this superb 5 bed, 4 bath family home is sure to spoil you for anything else. Only a 20 minute walk to the heart of Surfers Paradise, Capri on Via Roma social and foodie hub, 15-20minute drive to Nerang Station, 30minutes to Coolangatta Airport, central to all public transport options, plus close proximity to exclusive TSS and St.
Hilda’s schools, you’ll also enjoy the parklands close by as well as the local public school a short walk away. Act now to secure your chance to enjoy a luxury lifestyle in one of the most prestigious pockets of the Gold Coast.
-Uninterrupted views of the iconic Gold Coast skyline, visible from every angle of the open plan downstairs area
-Enviable north facing aspect, set out on a 546m2 block with a 13.1m waterfront
-Recently renovated & repainted, with plush new carpets, new lighting & blackbutt timber floors
-Chef’s kitchen with bespoke cabinetry, upscale Smeg & Miele appliances
-Sundrenched alfresco area overlooking pool, Adam’s Basin & views to Surfers Paradise
-Formal lounge with cosy fireplace plus upstairs living which could be converted to media room
-Grand master suite with balcony, water views, walk-in-robe, ensuite with marble finishes
-Remaining bedrooms with high ceilings, ducted-air-con, built-in-robes + ensuite in bed 5
-Large pontoon & jetty with power connected, low maintenance gardens
-Abundance of storage, double garage + carport for 2, keyless entry & back to base security
-Solid concrete construction plus potential to be renovated to include a 3rd floor & internal lift (STCA)
-Sought after suburb, close to exclusive schools, shops, cafes, parks, beaches & public transport

A stunning renovation takes this beautiful unit to a new level of appreciation! Private, convenient, middle floor, full brick unit with quality renovation, tastefully done in Style! Boasting an inviting open plan living that flows to the bright and sunny balcony with views to Duncan Park. 100m away to Boronia Park.
Minutes walk to Epping Village Shops, Station and Buses. Catchment to Epping West Primary, Cheltenham Girls and Epping Boys High Schools.

• Open plan living flows out to sunny tiled balcony with views
• New Kitchen with an integrated dishwasher; Laundry facility
• Brand new stylish bathroom with window ventilation is bonus
• Double sized bedrooms, B.I.R & study nook to main bedroom
• Short walk to Epping Village, Station, Buses and Boronia Park
• Epping West Public, Cheltenham Girl and Epping Boys Highs
• Easy access to Macquarie Uni, Shopping Centre, Business Park
• PROPERTY OUTGOINGS: Strata approx: $614/q, Water approx: $177/q and Council approx: $278/q
• SCHOOLS CATCHMENT: Epping West Public School, Cheltenham Girls High and Epping Boys High School